How People with Disabilities Use Digital Technology.
Elias - retiree with low vision, hand
tremor, and mild short-term memory loss.
Hello! I’m Elias.
I’m a retired architect.
Life moves slower now that I’m retired,
and I think my body does too [laughs]!
I see less
and hear less than in my younger days.
Also, my hands shake a little.
My children live far away,
so we see each other online instead.
We also write to each other
and send pictures.
It’s so much easier and quicker
than going to the post office
every time
[chuckles].
My trouble is all this small text!
Why do they write so small?
I know how to make the text size bigger
but it doesn’t work with all websites.
Sometimes everything seems to break down
– the text
overlaps or goes somewhere else
or disappears completely.
Or, I have to scroll sideways to read –
I don’t have the time and energy for that.
It’s the same with apps.
I made the text bigger on my mobile phone.
I can’t see without doing that
on such a small screen.
Most apps work
well but not the banking app.
The text on that app is still small,
and I need to use it
to log into my bank account.
I already called them
several times about this
but nothing happens.
It’s not only reading, though.
When the text is small,
all the buttons and links are also small.
Sometimes tiny. Especially on forms,
where you have to click and select
all these things -
it’s hard with my hands,
they don’t behave like they used to.
Our grocery store
now has an online shop, which is fantastic
because I don’t have to carry
all the shopping any more.
The text is big
and it has big links and buttons.
It just seems clearer
and easier to find things –
everything is where it should be on
every page.
Usually,
I have trouble remembering things,
like the telephone number,
address, and credit card details.
This store remembers from before,
so I only need to select the right address
in the text field
rather than needing to type it each time.
I wish all websites could be that easy.
You can help make technology
accessible to me.
Accessibility: It's about people.
For more information from the Web Accessibility Initiative
on how people with Disabilities use Digital Technology
visit w3.org/WAI/people